zero-shot-classification page (#391)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/zero-shot-classification/about.md

## Use Cases

###  Human Level understanding of Text

> In pretrained language models like BERT , model is to finetuned according to the kind of task we want our model do to like sentimental analysis by providing a proper dataset for specific task . But us humans can tell wether a news article is postive or negative , related to science or politics without fine-tuning it . Similar to that a trained Zero Shot Model aims to perform any general task on a language

Author: so should I remove BERT or explain it

> In pretrained language models like BERT , model is to finetuned according to the kind of task we want our model do to like sentimental analysis by providing a proper dataset for specific task . But us humans can tell wether a news article is postive or negative , related to science or politics without fine-tuning it . Similar to that a trained Zero Shot Model aims to perform any general task on a language

Author: Should I add a glossary?

## Task Variants 

### Latent Embedding

A word embedding is a learned representation for text where words that have the same meaning have a similar representation. individual words are represented as real-valued vectors in a predefined vector space. 

> So if we are given a sentence we can convert all it's words as embedding vector and take a mean of all the vectors to get a representation of sentence and given the labels like ['postive' , 'negative' , 'politics' , 'science' ] on which we want to classify and run them to the simailar text encoder like BERT

Author: Thanks for the suggestions . I'll try to include all

By defining a similarity parameter we can see the similarity between embedding of our sentence and that of labels and return the label with most similarity

> In this way we can eaisly classify sentences without training the model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, we can easily classify sentences without training a separate model.

```
(maybe we can have this in previous paragraph)

#### Inference

> We can use pretrained BERT model from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use pre-trained BERT model to create the embeddings, as follows:

```

```python
from transformers import pipeline

> encoder = pipeline("feature-extraction" , model = "deepset/sentence_bert")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pipe = pipeline("feature-extraction", model = "deepset/sentence_bert")

```

> sentence = "Artificial Science will revolutnize the world"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sentence = "Artificial intelligence will revolutionize the world."

```

> labels = ['postive' , 'negative' , 'politics' , 'science' ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
labels = ['positive' , 'negative' , 'politics' , 'science' ]

```
Maybe they're a bit irrelevant, only having news categories is less confusing.

> #Mean Pooling across sentence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# mean pooling across sentence

```
Can you explain what mean pooling is?

Reviewer: I see this comment is not addressed 🙂

> sentence_vector = np.array(encoder(sentence).mean(axis=1))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sentence_vector = np.array(pipe(sentence).mean(axis=1))

```
Maybe explain this code a little, also import numpy above

label_vector = [np.array(encoder(l).mean(axis=1)) for l in labels]

from scipy import spatial

> #Using cosine similarity between sentence vector and label vector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# using cosine similarity to assess the similarity between the sentence vector and the label vector

```

> dist = [spatial.distance.cosine(sentence_vector , lv) for lv in label_vector]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
similarity = [spatial.distance.cosine(sentence_vector , lv) for lv in label_vector]

```

> print(labels[np.argmin(dist)])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
print(labels[np.argmin(similarity)])

```

```
## Natural Language Inference (NLI)

> In NLI the model determines the relationship between two given texts. Concretely, the model takes a premise and a hypothesis and returns a class that can either be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In natural language inference, the model determines the relationship between two given texts. Concretely, the model takes a premise and a hypothesis and returns a class that can either be:

```

- **entailment**, which means the hypothesis is true.
- **contraction**, which means the hypothesis is false.

> - **neutral**, which means there's no relation between the hypothesis and the premise.

Reviewer: Maybe explain what the hypothesis and premise is above 🙂

> Hugging face has implemented a Zero-Shot Classification pipeline which travels a slightly different route . It uses Natural Language Inference models to carry out classification by a bit of creative prompt engineering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation of `zero-shot-classification` pipeline of Hugging Face is different. It uses Natural Language Inference models to carry out classification by a bit of creative prompt engineering.

```
Can you explain prompt engineering? Also different than what?

Reviewer: Maybe you could give link to sentence-similarity task page which is what you wrote the code for above.

#### Inference

```python
from transformers import pipeline

> classifier = pipeline("zero-shot-classification" , model="facebook/bart-large-mnli")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pipe = pipeline("zero-shot-classification" , model="facebook/bart-large-mnli")

```

> sentence = "Artificial Science will revolutnize the world"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sentence = "Artificial intelligence will revolutionize the world."

```

> labels = ['postive' , 'negative' , 'politics' , 'science' ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
labels = ['positive' , 'negative' , 'politics' , 'science' ]

```
The same applies to this one.

> classifier(sentence , labels)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pipe(sentence , labels)

```

```

## Useful Resources

Would you like to learn more about the topic? Awesome! Here you can find some curated resources that you may find helpful!

> - [Github Repositery contaning all important papers , datasets and other resource in ZSL](https://github.com/sbharadwajj/awesome-zero-shot-learning)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [A GitHub repository that contains important papers, datasets and more about zero-shot classification](https://github.com/sbharadwajj/awesome-zero-shot-learning)

```
